👋 Goodbye vshell
1. Write in front

I told you before that it will allow security practitioners to use the official version normally. I want to say sorry to everyone here, I may not be able to do it anymore. Even if the original intention is to use it as an offensive and defensive tool, if it is really used to do bad things, I cannot bear the risk.

Regarding the suspension of updates and the suspension of issuance of authorizations, you must have some questions. Here I will answer some of your questions in a self-asking and self-answering manner for the convenience of reading.
2. Q&A
1. Why did you choose to stop updating and issuing trial licenses?

During this time, I have been looking for a way to use vshell only for offensive and defensive drills to prevent illegal exploitation. I thought of setting up a trial license, which does have a certain effect, but it is actually a kind of torture for the brothers. I thought about using corporate email for authentication, but later I found that I couldn't send many corporate emails at all. I also thought of many, many ways, but I am not a company, just an individual. After practicing, I found that my ability is still too small.

There are indeed some public attack and defense tools, but I think it is meaningless to compare. I can only do my best. vshell has a special function and is very easy to be illegally exploited. If I can't think of a way to protect myself, I just have to stop disclosing it.
2. Why not open source

The first is legal risks, which I won’t go into details here. The second is the problem of the open source environment. Open source is more suitable for framework code, but I don’t think it is suitable for finished code. In addition, there is only one result of open source, and it is copied by others. With more people using it, and the code becoming more transparent, offensive and defensive confrontations will be easier to detect, and it may be inconvenient to use.
3. Why set up a license?

A means of restriction to prevent illegal use. It can also be regarded as a means of protecting yourself. But I won’t try it out in the future.
4. Where are the usage tutorials?

There is no usage tutorial. Firstly, I have been perfecting the code and have no time to write it. Secondly, I am afraid of risks. There may not be any usage tutorials in the future.
5.Why is version 4.6.0 still released?

There is a beginning and an end. 4.5.0 has a lot of bugs due to major changes, but they were all fixed in 4.6.0. It will not be updated now, so releasing the 4.6.0 version currently in hand can be regarded as an end.

First to the key, first the egg! 

